What?
Honey, I had to come open up the cafe.
I understand but sometimes
I think you love this cafe more than me.
I love you both equally.
Equally, Cesare!?
-Are you serious?
-No, actually…
Really?
Not equally…
I can't take this!
Hi, Cesare.
Two coffees, please.
Nico, two coffees for Olivia.
Maybe today this beauty
will finally join me for a coffee.
Charm doesn't work on me, Giovanni.
I've never struck out so bad before.
It's good to have new experiences.
Matteo, can you hear me?
Yes, Francesca, yes, hello…
I'm here with a man
from the road maintenance company.
Montezara's check bounced again.
Just grab the emergency credit card,
in the bottom drawer of the desk.
It's stuck.
Give it a kick!
Nope, not even now…
Harder! Understand?
Harder… yes.
Here we go… yes!
Thank you, Francesca.
Good. Good, good.
Good evening.
Bernardo, may I have a moment
about my expansion permit?
Excuse us.
He's nice, right?
He's American…
So, Grumpy Mario's house?
That's a gamble.
Especially not on the official list.
The young people are all moving away.
To Rome, Milan.
We have to do something to save our town.
So the solution is for strangers
with frozen pizza to take over?
Think of it as them joining us,
not taking over.
If I want to get the assessore
to back my new initiatives,
I need this first one-euro house
to be a total success.
All right.
Promise me you'll do what you can
to speed things up.
You know what this means for Montezara.
Work your magic.
How can I say no to you, ladybug?
What period are they from?
The late 1800s.
I always imagined my house
with Moroccan tiles.
Ignore him.
All right.
Good morning, ladies.
Good morning!
Why are you speaking to him?
I'm being polite.
But he's a stranger!
A handsome stranger.
So now you're the town flirt?
Don't fall for those eyes.
These Americans are here to ruin us!
Typical American.
Arrogant. Thinks everyone speaks English.
Fine by me, I like them cocky.
And so fit.
Here we are.
Oh dear, no…
It can't be.
Madam Mayor?
Your guests are here.
I was just finishing up a tour
with our American guest.
Please, right this way.
Totally out of the blue.
Giuliano Montaldo…
…now, that was a beautiful man.
Good morning, ladies.
Beautiful day today.
I still don't understand.
Plugs up and down our historical roads?
We've gone over this.
The tourists are the ones
asking for charging stations.
Rental car fleets are all going electric.
Ah, our American resident.
My apologies…
Matteo can answer
any remaining questions, gentlemen.
Hello, ladies.
I'm Eric Field.
He's speaking Italian.
Badly.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
I'm come for advisory.
You know here around everything.
That we do.
But we do, and he's making an effort.
What do you need, young man?
I'm going on a picnic.
With Francesca.
Called that on day one.
Pay up, sister. I won the bet.
C'mon, pay up.
Grifter.
What are some of the mayor's favorites?
She's a fan of Prosciutto di Cinta.
Also a little Gota.
Get some local Caprino del Maremma cheese.
Only insiders know about that.
She'll be impressed.
Like he'll remember any of this.
Men have terrible memories.
Because of their much smaller brains.
We'll write you out a list.
You'll also need this.
Yes…
No, no, no,
I'll come right now, yes.
Bye.
Look at this…
This graph shows how
my sustainability projects
can eventually pay for themselves.
Francesca, you got this.
Grappa time?
Not every event calls for grappa.
I stopped by earlier, but you were out.
Unusual for you.
I was on a professional visit.
What's going on with the change-of-use
permit for the Field Villa?
Eric says he hasn't seen you.
Was he…
…your…professional visit?
Olivia can't apply
for the commercial license
until the permit is squared away.
But Mario's house wasn't even
officially cleared for the one-euro list.
And now this ridiculous idea
for a cooking school.
Why would anyone come here to cook?
Montezara can be
so much more than you imagine.
I wish you could see that.
Then convince me, ladybug.
Dinner?
I can't. I have to work all night.
Can we…
…have gelato this week?
Anytime.
I never said that…
-Are you calling me crazy?
-Listen to me.
-Just say you think I'm crazy.
-No, no, but…
Here we are.
Bye, Francesca, thanks so much.
Until next time.
Good job.
Everything was exquisite.
Your favorite grandson is here!
Here he is!
Granny's handsome boy!
Only one drink,
then I must return to prep dinner service.
Do you have to rush off?
I have the whole day.
How beautiful.
And Antonia here
was a professional baker.
And us two Antonias
worked in her shop.
I was THE baker.
I was the first woman in Montezara
with her own business.
Wow, what happened to it?
We got old.
We were put out to pasture.
I thought you liked
"the sweetness of doing nothing."
I'm bored out of my mind.
We want to be
"Grandfluencers."
On the TikTok.
Hashtag: Goals.
Right?
Right!
I would like
to go
to Rome.
I would like
to go
to Rome.
Congratulations!
I have never…
eaten anything…
…this good before.
Of course not.
American pastries are an abomination.
I hear Dunkin' Donuts are good.
Leave the fountain.
These are called
Panforte.
While I was looking
for the villa blueprint,
look what I found.
Look!
How pretty.
We were so young.
It's time to unretire.
Teach at our cooking school.
Become…
…"Grandfluencers"!
All right, see you Wednesday at 2:00. Bye.
You're dating Eric Field.
Yes, it's new.
But,
I haven't had the chance to tell anyone.
What about you and me?
You know how I feel.
I thought it was because
you were still mourning Alessandro.
I didn't think I wanted a relationship.
But we have history. And he's leaving…
The truth is that
Eric's actually thinking about staying.
To run the cooking school.
The cooking school? But--
You had doubts, I know.
I may have asked too much of you.
Anyway… in the end I did it myself…
…and got the change-of-use permit.
Listen…
…on Saturday,
they are doing the fresco reveal.
You helped this first
one-euro house be a success.
I would like you to come.
You're a genius.
You're a genius, Eric.
Put that here, please.
Those four over there.
Thank you!
What have you done?
I warned you, Francesca.
You shouldn't have "sold" this property
before the claim window closed.
Mario's great-grandmother was Maria Leoni,
born in 1867.
That would make Larry Longo
the closest living relative.
So the relatives in Italy
weren't actually allowed
to donate the land.
This isn't looking good.
Not good at all.
Not now.
Not now, Matteo. Please.
How could I?
How could I make such a mess of this?
Pass her your "medicine."
What "medicine"?
You're not fooling anyone!
I blame Grumpy Mario.
The Leoni family was always so rude.
No, Antonia,
that was the Leone family.
You're confused, Antonia.
The Leone family was simply lovely.
What did you say?
There was a Leoni family, with an "i"?
Yes.
And a Leone family with an "e"?
Yes!
The mayor just stole my "medicine"!
Did you know there used to be
a Leone family in town?
With an "e"?
Wait, are you thinking…?
Maybe Larry Longo's
great-great-grandmother's surname
was changed when she emigrated to America.
I hear that was a common mistake.
There's only one way to find out.
Madam Mayor?
Matteo, not now.
I'm searching for the census binders.
The 1860s are all missing…
I brought coffee.
And reinforcements.
Here we are.
Anything to help the Fields.
And anything to help you.
Thank you, guys.
Let's get to work.
Let's go.
Hey, guys.
I found these
under the sink in the bathroom.
Ew, gross! No.
Mildew. No.
These are the ones!
Genius.
Each of you, take one, quickly!
Good job, my love!
1867…
1867!
Guys! Come over here!
Maria Leon-"i",
was born on March 17th, 1867.
Grumpy Mario's grandmother.
Maria Leon-"e",
was born on July 6th that same exact year.
Her family left for America
when she was seven years old.
That's Larry Longo's relative!
Grappa!
What time is it?
10:05.
Eric's leaving on the 10:10.
There's no reception.
I'll never make it in time.
Yes, you will.
You have a secret weapon.
Let's go!
Go get your man!
Go! Go!
I love you.
I love you too.
Montezara has the new cooking school.
And we are expanding
the one-euro house program.
And Testa Travel,
an all-electrical vehicle company,
is adding our town as a stop on its route.
I project a budget surplus by next year.
It seems…
…you'll need
those EV charging stations after all.
Grappa time!
Finally!
Look how beautiful she is.
Like my dad used to say…